---
date: '2013-10-30'
title: I have nothing to say
---

I'm sure I'm not the only one who feels this way sometimes. I just sat down at
the computer to write a blog post, and within seconds my mind had gone
completely blank. I stared at the "Your Post Title" block at the top of the
page, and the two giant white block for writing, and absolutely nothing came to
mind. Absolutely nothing.

So I started writing anyway. During my freshman year at BYU I had a strikingly
similar experience as part of the writing class all students are required to
take. We were assigned to write a narrative about some experience in our
lives. With no more guidance than that, I sat a computer for a long time coming
to the realization that nothing terribly interesting had ever happened to me.

So as I sat looking at the white page Word gave me, I just started writing about
the assignment. I wrote about the story I started writing before realizing it
was too boring. I wrote about the time I spent staring at the blank screen. I
wrote about the inspiration to start writing about writing. And slowly but
surely I filled the pages. That paper was the best grade I got in that class. I
have my doubts that this will be the best blog post I ever write. I really hope
not.

I learned something about myself that day. I learned that I really can't stand a
blank page. I've found the same over and over again with writing conference
papers. Starting from scratch sucks. Getting those first few paragraphs written
down is important for me, as it makes the whole experience seem less daunting.

Considering I restarted this blogging effort 3 days ago and I'm already
struggling, I know this is going to be hard. But I also know it will be worth
it.